// For teammates: The controller thingy is a bit scuffed, we make a new controller from scratch
and copy the code over. There are some unneed files in the main directory like solution and
MotionExecution. Those will be deleted later. Feel free to check the code. I brute forced the
map updating function and there is probably a more elegant way of doing it. You have to
change the controller to z5257127 before you start!!

Controls:
	W - Move forwards
	D - Pivot 90 degrees to the right
	A - Pivot 90 degress to the left
	P - Print the currently known map
	F - Export map to Map.txt and exit the robot

Instructions:
This feature aims to create a text file representation of the map without knowledge of the map
by providing the user keyboard controls to navigate. The user can explore as much of the map as
they want and they can export what is currently known of the map to a Map.txt file for separate
features in Phase A and Phase B to use. This feature works under the assumption that the viewer
can see the simulation in real-time.

Before beginning the program, the user should open 'InitialPosition.txt' in the main directory
and provide the robot's observed initial position in a format such as:
	00S
Where the first character represents the initial row, the second character represents the initial 
column and the third character represents the heading of the robot (either 'N','S','E','W').

When starting the program, the user should pivot the robot to the left or right once. This is to 
ensure any potential wall behind the robot is accounted for. The user can then drive the robot
around the maze using the W, A and D keys. The user can only input one key at a time and there is 
a delay between registration of key presses. I recommend running the program in fast forward as 
the time taken for the robot to execute its motion and wall sensing is quite long. The user can 
also press P at any time to show what the currently explored map looks like. When satisfied, the
user can press F to export the current map onto a text file and the program will finish.